AI #1546: Adding Supported Features for New Metadata and Entities (#1540)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/supported_features/recency_metadata.md

# Recency Metadata

## Description

> FOCUS supports the ability for data generators to provide metadata indicating how complete FOCUS datasets are and when they have been updated. This optional metadata allows practitioners to understand the recency of the data they are consuming.

Reviewer: Adding more context.

```suggestion
FOCUS supports the ability for data generators to provide metadata indicating 1) what portion of a [FOCUS dataset artifact](#glossary:dataset-artifact) is complete (either in total, or per time sector), and 2) how recently it has been updated. This metadata allows practitioners to understand whether a given subset of FOCUS data is subject to further change, which informs when and whether they can perform various FinOps functions such as chargeback.
```

Reviewer: @rileyjenk 
Committing this suggestion (assuming you missed committing it, as you committed all my other suggestions and did not leave a comment here).  Lmk if you feel otherwise and we can tweak further.
